Let's take a look on how to improve our armada.
We just started as Jupiter notebook our model accuracy wasn't that great was actually terrible.
Let's slicker look on how can we improve our model.
The first step that we need to perform.
It's been a normalization.
Okay.
So as guess Candy corn for example you know part of the Mean area or versed in the mean smoothness as
you can see here the mean smoothness is let's say is that actually but it's more numbers from point
0 6 let's say to point 1 6.
However the mean is in 25 countries OK.
This data is actually going to cause a lot of problems when we train our machine learning model.
And that's why one of the key elements in here is to try to kind of normalize our data which is in study
simple terms.
We're going to use what we call it Unity.
Unity is normalization which is we wanted to get all the data to be from between zero and one.
So all objective.
So I'm going to show you how can you do then inject an old book in a bit but just a quick overview.
This is again the main area.
This means more than this these are just larger values in here.
Here as you can see after normalization you'll find them in areas from between 0 and 1.
And again that means more this again between 0 and 1 or 8 and again zero indicates the most malignant
case that malignant cancer.
And if it's one that means it's benign.
How can we do with the unitaid normalization.
Well we call it features kealing we simply subtract each of the sample points by the minimum value and
we divide by the range or the X Max minus X min.
That would tell us that would give us kind of norm by the data between 0 and 1.
It's really simple and we'll see how can we apply them idealisation you can improve the results of the
model dramatically correct.
Okay so the next optimization now can do.
Can you do in the as the ATM.
When we use the as VM we use kind of the default premise.
Okay we didn't use any of the pretender's we just call as far as VM it was just you know it was just
fine.
Obviously the results were there great because we were an optimist.
All right.
So we have to keep put Eminem is actually optimized during the during the process which we're excited
to see premiers and gamma premiers.
OK.
So the first payment is we'll call it the see Potamia.
Okay premiered simply control the trade off between classifying taining points correctly and having
kind of a spoof decision bounty.
Okay okay.
It's might seem a little bit like it's changed but again it's really simple.
So the whole idea is we can use a mirror which is an image that can kind of specifies the penalty okay
well how can we penalize the model if it misclassify is a data point OK.
So if we use is small C then you cocky.
That means we are assuming that our model or our penalty is kind of loose.
It's kind of a cool teacher in a way.
OK.
So if if the model classifies the asset misclassify or dataset we're going to assume that okay we're
not going to penalize you that much that means we can have kind of a smaller boundary between the two
classification points between the two classes.
OK.
That's when we have a small value of c..
However if we have a lot of the value of C that means we going have a very strict model that means the
cost of misclassification going to be very high which means if we do something wrong if we misclassify
any of these points.
We need to kind of bend our boundary a little bit more which means we're going have kind of more detailed
or more defined line in here.
Not a line anymore kind of you have kind of more.
Strict or more decision line they kind of fitted specifically for this training data set.
So this is kind of when we have a smaller value of c and this when they have a larger venue of seats
and have a larger value of c we can actually be prone to overfitting which means we are overfilling
our training specifically for the training data set which means if we expose that model to it training
with data which is kind of testing data that the mother hasn't seen before then it might actually be
prone to misclassifying which means why.
Because the model is not trained specifically or to generalize on that in a dataset.
As you can see here if we try to change for example the C value from it's a 1 to 10 to 100 and a thousand.
You see that the boundary layer starts from being very smooth which is when we have a small value of
c which is kind of we had a very low penalty if you do something wrong that's fine we're just going
to keep it kind of small that as much as we can get to actually more eight or larger value of c which
is a very strict boundary.
OK.
Which means that okay if we do something wrong we're going to penalize very high.
And that's why you're going to come up with this kind of more of a fit at a stricter boundary line.
Right.
So that's the first pre-eminent quality parameter.
Let's take a look at the other Premier.
It's called again an MRI.
So the game a parameter controls how far the influence of a single teaching said teachers.
OK.
We'll just kind of specify the spread of our influence of the data points if we use a large get the
larger value of gamma.
That means we've got to have a close reach.
What do you mean.
That means we're going to focus only on the points very close to the hype really claim.
Me mean these points in here are our points of interest.
They have much higher weight.
OK.
Which means that okay if we have a larger gamma what do you expect are going to be more generalized
or more a fit it actually going to be way more of a fit which means that a lot of lines in here will
get you focussed on these points and ignoring the other away points from the from the hyperbolic.
Right.
OK.
That's the first part.
If we have larger gamma and that's why we can end up with like a line like vitz.
Basically if we have bloche name however if we have a small gamma that means we're going to have far
if we have small game that means we have far each we'd have kind of a more generalised solution.
As you can see here the points all of the influence of the points are going to be kind of widespread.
So we're not going to consider only the point that only the point of the boundary actually going to
consider way more points.
OK.
We're going to cover a lot more space so we can achieve more generalized solution.
But the key question is how can we optimize these polymers normalization is fine we can do normalization
are going to show you how can we do not know zation.
The question is how can we optimize the sea ingame upon MLA.
Luckily we're going to show you that there is a technique that's really easy you can use kind of a grid
search.
We're not going to go and actually try you know like by trial and error.
We're just going to write in kind of a grid search.
Get us okay.
This is the best see best game for our weather for our model specifically for our data.
And then we're good to go.
And then you can have way better accuracy moving forward compared to the terrible actually accuracy
that we had before as we saw.
We're going to implement merely two improvements within the model.
The first improvement they're going to perform analyzation which is simply scaling back the data to
be all the data to be values for ranging from zilah to 1.
And then the next improvement we're going to tune the we see or supported to classify to simply tune
the game a parameter and see parameters as we saw earlier.
Okay let's take a look at the first model improvement first.
So the first step is that we're going to do if we're going to perform normalization.
Okay.
So I'm going to do that first.
We're going to give the men value of all the men off exchange first.
So going to normalize the exchange rate are so extreme that men are going to the myth method method
men that just simply give us the minimum value.
Okay.
And then the next step is to get in the range which is simply to opt in the range as they were paying
the men then you can subtract the training data minus minimum value and divide by the range that we
pretty much scale our our our objection.
The next step we're going to define reach underscored clean obvious who can do it in one step here I'm
just doing it in multiple steps.
We're going to do it that we're going to subtract extreme.
Minus men underscored which is what defined earlier in Oregon to do with that because we need to get
the range which is going to you the message method Max.
To simply give me the maximum value.
So now we have the maximum value now we have the range simply now have the minimum value let's actually
do this kealing.
So going to do X underscore mean we're going to call it scale and scale.
You can call it whatever you want obviously.
And then afterwards we're going to do that we're going to subtract X train which has ended up point
minus minimum with the squad team and we get divided by the range of discounting right strong this gain
out good.
So now we have X team scale which is perfect let's make sure that we are on the right pitch.
So the first step is that we are going to simply we know the scatterplot which is as an S or simply
seaborne we plotted before the mean area and the smooth means smoothness before the scatterplot.
The visualization section.
All right so let's me showed that we actually did this kealing correctly.
Okay.
Or did the normalizations correctly.
The first step we were going to first plot the data using seaboard.
So were going to do again.
I'm just copying the command here to see this simple.
So just going to the scatterplot.
Okay.
Well we did that we were in the Amine area versus mean smoothness and selected hue as being Whiting.
Let's run this.
Let's show us the actual training data with this killing.
OK.
What we could do is that we again you can see here the value of the areas that are inching your way
around.
Two hundred twenty five hundred which is not acceptable.
What we're going to do with we're going to run again the same value the same man but without extreme
missioning extreme scale.
And why an extreme skill.
That means scaling.
So as you can see here is peanuts.
The data is exactly similar.
However the range is totally different.
So really all the data is gone from zero to one.
OK.
So now we just did like a feature scaling or we did not unity normalization and now we're pretty much
ready to actually change the dataset or change the model again using the new normalized training.
Right.
Let's perform the same features scaling or at the same normalization again.
But on the testing dataset.
All right.
So I'm just going to pretty much copy the same comments again here.
So we'll see there is excessed again upping the minimum value give me the mint us again you can do it
in one one one step and then we get the extras minus the minimum value and then we get the maximum out
of all this was shippable I mean the range and then we're going to scale testing the asset next test
minus menteri to buy.
Angel give me the x deste scale and again if we're on it then we're good.
And the next step is that we want to again team the model.
But instead of turning it again with the data we're going to have data we're going to use these killed
normalized the asset to 10 or more.
All right let's run it again.
So again it is see model which is the exact same model that we had before.
Okay.
Actually as we see underscoring model and it fits but instead we actually use x underscored clean underscores
scale.
Right along with y and just courting gay that will simply fit our model.
OK.
So we fit the model now what good the next step is that we wanted to again do the predictions to confusion
matrix and to the heat map.
Let's go up and let's copy the comments so we have our why predicts.
So now we're in the model.
It's a new couple of new cells right.
So let's evaluate our new model using the new data set that we came before so we're going to do they're
going to write why and just sort of predict and we're going to use the again predict method on our object
as we see underscored model dot predict.
Instead this time of using the XT test we're actually going to 8 x test scale dataset.
Right.
So this know what to get.
Actually this creates some new cells.
The next step I'm going to use a confusing matrix that we have exactly the same as we've done before
and I think equates to confusion.
Underscore matrix.
And they're going to use our tool value which is why test is our tool values.
And then going to use y underscore to predict which are simply the predictions that we'll put in here.
All right let's Granites So now we're good.
The next step that we wanted to plot our heat map we're going to the seaborne library s and astarte
HEAT MAP.
Right.
What we're going to do.
We're going to right going to select our confusion matrix.
We're going to enable the innovations to be simply too so we can actually view the numbers right.
I think we are good.
Let's give it a shot.
Okay perfect.
Now we actually have way better results if you guys can see we have 43 correct classification.
We have 66 correct classification and we've only classified as misclassify five samples ONDI which is
great.
That means we are doing absolutely great.
The next step is we're going to do it the way to plot classification.
All kind of clustered.
Give us like you know kind of a summary of our performance right and then do like print.
And they're going to use classification board just took less.
Just to remind you goes to we had our when we imported the metrics we imported confusion meetings and
we put our classification to report as well.
All right.
If you go down here.
We're just going to print our classification report and they're going to use our mainly to values along
with the predictions.
Going to why underscored tests and why underscore predict which is our predictions.
Let's give it a shot that would tell me our accuracy is that one point nine six which is great.
Which is kind of you know like a summary of our performance which is 96 percent this action or.
Actually we haven't done anything different.
We haven't even tuned the parameters of the support to the machine.
What we did is we just we did normalization.
That's all what we wanted.
That's kind of a first improvement to our model.
I hope you get in touch with our section and see you in the next section.
The next improvement that we're going to do to the model there will try to optimize our See and get
more prone areas of the supported victim machine.
Right.
So the only problem is how can we actually search for the best values of the best premolars obviously
and.
Luckily Escuela actually had a kind of a method that tells us or provides all the great search for us
it's search for the best premières and you don't have to worry about it.
We're just going to tell yawkey this that we're best this is our best estimate.
It can just use it.
And let's give a sh let's give it a shot and let's see how can we search for the best pramila is the
first step is we're going to call simply I'm going to define our range.
So going to the final college program.
And we're going to defy okay we're going to look into the sea will now try to optimize or see preliminary
game parameter.
Okay.
And he what are you as a colonel before radio regular basis function and he we're going to specify simply
our range talking going to look from point 1 1 10 and hundred and gamma.
We're going to be simply we're going to create our grid to look so forth to look for.
You're looking at between let's say point one one point one point or one point or one rate.
Okay.
The next step is we're going to import the grid search CB from escolar.
So going to right from from scaler duct model selection we're going to click Import.
Great search.
CV all right.
Okay so now we're good.
The next step is they're going to use great search CV to simply search within our great Alright so I'm
gonna do that we're going to simply use our VCR object.
Right.
Which is a stand for that support to classify an organ.
Do you think any use our grade that were created before which is premiered it underscored grids which
is our great that we had.
And you were just going to light fettes equates to and verbose.
We're going to specify two for fibre or whatever simply that we're just going to show us how many values
that we wanted to display while searching for our Great.
Okay.
And I'm going to show you exactly what I mean by this.
OK.
That would simply return our grid.
Okay.
The next step is that we've got to simply use our grid to fit the taining data which is in this case.
I'm going to use my scale training data to actually get even better values compared to the original
data that we had.
All right.
So we're going to do they're going to use grids is our object that we had.
Great.
When you see fit method on our grid simply using the x underscored train just discourse scale.
Along with y underscored T.
All right.
Okay great.
Let's run it.
All right so let's run it's going to run Prem great.
And then what on the import and then I'm going to run the grid search.
And then afterwards we're going to run the fit simply using the 16 scale and the lighting.
All right.
So if we scroll down here it would show you Dave has been searching for the best you know values of
gamma and C and what we need to do is we need to get our best values simply using grids.
OK.
So we're going to do we're going to use grid dots best underscored prism frames that would show us our
best value so you're telling me okay the best values to choose is actually if you see of 10 and gamma
of point one.
That's the best that is right.
OK great.
Let's keep going.
So what we could do afterwards.
We're going to use our grid dot predicts to simply use the kind of predictions plus the confusion matrix
with the best values are the best parameters that we had already.
Alright so we don't need to actually go in.
We run it again.
We can actually run it directly on our grid object.
Talking to do you going to write great does predict not going to use going to use our X underscored
test underscores scale values.
That that should tell me where my grid predictions go.
You can call it whatever you want.
OK.
That will give me my good prediction.
That's kind of the output.
Using the best or optimized values are.
All right.
So now we have all great predictions.
The next step is that we're going to compute our confuser matrix.
Let's see.
Equal to confusion confusion underscored a matrix.
And we're going to specify again what or why tests.
And our great predictions the exact same fashion as we had earlier.
Let's say this.
Well good.
The next step we're going to create again what he's going to use seaborne as an S dart map or whatever
and to use our confusion Matrix C.M. but we use annotation equals to drag it.
Let's run this as well.
Okay.
That's actually even better.
So as you can see here we found that we only misclassify only three points.
Okay which is obviously better than misclassifying only five points and that's mean we are actually
on the right track.
That means we are using are optimizing the values of the of the sport in the machine then setting it
to sequence 10 and again make the point one that actually dramatically improved the results.
All right let's plot the classification report.
So if we go up here if you recall we had our classification report.
So we just going to print out a classification report when instead of Y predict we're just going to
use our y basically grid predictions instead.
Right.
Let's run it.
And actually we reached 97 percent accuracy instead of the previous 96 percent accuracy which is even
greater.
And we only again misclassify three samples alright.
One last point that I wanted to summarize here.
We had the misclassification points.
It's actually type 1 error which is perfect which is obviously not perfect I would love to have under
a percent.
But here we only showed that we only have three misclassify temples of type 1 error.
Why.
Because here the my predictions said their cancer was malignant which is classic zero.
However it was simply the patient was fine.
He would just benign He had a benign cancer which means we are even if we misclassify a few samples.
It's kind of you know type 1 error which is not terrible or not but I hope you guys enjoyed that section
and I hope you enjoyed the case study and see you in the next section.